Welcome to the official SaaStr podcast
where you can hear some of the best
SaaStr [music] speakers. This is where
the cloud meets.
Up today on the [music] SaaStr podcast.
This is a mistake that both raw
startups, scaling folks, and very large
companies we talked to make [music] the
mistake. The raw startups that you know,
they've raised a a token amount of money
they want a tool to magically get them
customers. It can do that if you've
already proven you can do it yourself
[music] and you feed what works to the
AI SDR. If you can't, the odds it works
are extremely low, right? And then some
of the on the other end of the spectrum
some of the largest leaders we've talked
to, folks multi-billion dollar public
companies and bigger just want to turn
on a tool and not train it with what
works. Now of course they could, they
are obviously if you've got 2.5 billion
in revenue you've got at least a few
SDRs that have performed, but it maybe
it's bought by a marketing team, maybe
it's bought by [music] a different team,
maybe it's bought by with a different
perspective but they just want to turn
something on
and the cost there may not be that
important to the latter category if
you're big, but the results are
terrible. They don't reproduce the best
10% of their team inside the app and if
you do nothing else the first 30 days
your job is to reproduce the human
playbook works inside the training or
the UI/UX of the AI SDR. If you don't do
that it won't work.
Hey everybody, SaaStr Annual will be
back May 2026. The world's largest SaaS
and AI gathering for executive with 68
VP level and above attendees, 36% CEOs
and founders, and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of
S-tier attendees and decision makers
that come to [music] SaaStr Annual and
AI Summit each and every year. Lock in
your spot today. Use my code Jason100
for exclusive savings. Get your tickets
at podcast.saastrangle.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. SaaStr Annual and AI
Summit 2026. It will rock.
Hello everyone. [music] Glad to have you
and your agents with us here today. We
thought we would do something fun since
now we have you know, more than 20
agents
in our full stack. We've deployed more
than one AI SDR and so somebody asked us
this question the other day and we
thought it'd be fun to go through it
live as well, which is you know, what
are the top 10 things you should know
before rolling out your very first AI
SDR if you haven't deployed one yet. Or
maybe this is your next deployment and
you want to know what you know, tips and
tricks to avoid
and what to do to make it successful. So
that's the context of today.
We'll go through these 10. As always at
our beginning, if you want to see some
of the tools and agents that we use,
they are on saastr.ai/agents.
You can go there. We link to a lot of
our agents that we use there.
Yeah, I think some of this we've
covered, but I think it's important to
know
if you're going to roll out your very
first AI SDR just cuz that is our use
case that we have multiple actually AI
SDRs now. I'll preface and saying that
you probably only need one and then to
point number one that'll drive right
into, you probably only need one vendor
to do this. Like we have multiples for a
lot of different reasons, but most of
what you will need to do  want to
do with your agents, you'll probably be
fine using just one vendor versus using
the four or five that we have for
outbound
and I'll kind of explain why. So just
coming into it first
the tool doesn't really matter. Like
you're going to see today I interchange
different screenshots from our different
AI SDRs that we have, but you don't need
to again, you don't need to use multiple
vendors. I would pick one that does the
majority or bulk of what you want to do
with an AI SDR agent
and roll it out from there.
You may need multiple in the sense if
you know, if your outbound agent truly
only does outbound and then you need to
add an inbound agent that truly only
does inbound. So maybe at the max you
end up with two, but I would say you
don't need as many as we have today.
Um we just have it hyper segmented with
different platforms that do different
specialties pretty well. So that's in
our school of thought, but I will say,
you know, the tool doesn't really matter
as much as the strategy and also just
making sure that your human playbook
works first. So we famously said before
like, you know, we're not going to roll
out our we didn't roll out our first
human like AI we didn't roll out our
first AI SDR until we knew exactly what
was working with our human SDRs, what
was working or maybe not working as well
in our playbook so that we could give
our agents just the very best context of
what's working, who should we be
reaching out to, what messaging works
with that, what segmentation should we
be doing to roll out to the AI SDR cuz
you have to remember that when you roll
it out to an AI versus a person
it's going to take all your context word
for word, right? Like it's going to use
that to build out its brain. It's going
to use that to reach out to prospects.
It's going to use that to follow up with
any of your inbounds. Like anything you
do, it's going to be 100% based on the
context you give this AI SDR agent. And
for those purposes, you really should
know what's working before you do that.
Like I've seen some companies we talked
to which are like million dollar, you
know, AR companies. Some are over 100
million were just rolling out AI SDRs
and I'm like, okay, well how are you
training it? They're like, oh well, you
know, we're just test we're testing copy
that we haven't used before. We're
trying something new. I think that's the
wrong way to go about it. I think you
should have something that marginally
works and then use the AI SDR to get
scale out of it.
Yeah.
Or maybe to summarize the two those two
types cuz we hear this so often, right?
If you haven't gotten any outbound to
work
buying an AI to do it isn't good it's
not going to help you.
You have to prove it. Any of the agents
we use, any of the dozens of agents we
use, we are taking a playbook that at
least works a little bit. It doesn't
have to be perfect. You don't have to
have a 90% close rate, but something
that is proven copy, cadence, segment,
but you have to have be able to close
some customers yourself. You basically
have to have at least done founder-led
sales before you can hand it off to an
agent. It has to work. They have to take
you and the ultimate goal here is to
clone the best person on your team. If
it's just you, clone you. If you have
four folks in your sales team and one is
crushing it outbound or only one can
really pull it off, you all you want to
do is clone All these products really do
in the beginning is clone that person,
right? With more knowledge. Do you
agree, Amelia?
Yeah, I agree with you 100%. I think a
lot of these tools too, if you haven't
looked at them or maybe you haven't
fully run one yet and you're just going
to deploy one
a lot of what you'll see is sometimes I
think the vendors will try and steer you
somewhat in the wrong direction, which
is why I don't think the tool matters as
much as long as you know, like you
should be using it at the very start for
things that are already working. Like a
lot of vendors will tell you even some
of our vendors will tell you, oh you can
just use it for pure outbound. It's fine
to test things, but then when you go
look at their response rates, of course
it's going to be lower than something
that's working. Um something that you
know that you want to give scale to.
Maybe something that you know, your
human AEs or SDRs won't do. Like
I do think that's that's a little bit of
a trap to be wary of is I do think
sometimes the vendors will try and say
that they've had good success with other
customers on doing, you know, new use
cases, just rolling out brand new, you
know, just completely cold outreach. And
yeah, to some degree does that work?
Sure, but you might be disappointed with
it too if you only do it that way versus
scaling out something that you know
already works.
Yep. And I want to stay on track, but
but the interesting thing is going to
Amelia's point she made before. This is
a mistake that both raw startups,
scaling folks, and very large companies
we talked to make the mistake. The raw
startups that you know, they've raised a
a token amount of money they want a tool
to magically get them customers. It can
do that if you've already proven you can
do it yourself and you feed what works
to the AI SDR. If you can't, the odds it
works are extremely low, right? And then
some of the on the other end of the
spectrum some of the largest leaders
we've talked to, folks multi-billion
dollar public companies and bigger just
want to turn on a tool and not train it
with what works. It's the same it's a
version of course they could, they are
obviously if you've you've got 2.5
billion in revenue you've got at least a
few SDRs that have performed, but it
maybe it's bought by a marketing team,
maybe it's bought by a different team,
maybe it's bought by with a different
perspective but they just want to turn
something on
and the cost there may not be that
important to the latter category if
you're big, but the results are
terrible. They don't reproduce the best
10% of their team inside the app and if
you do nothing else the first 30 days
your job is to reproduce to Amelia's
first point, to reproduce the human
playbook works inside the training or
the UI/UX
of the AI SDR. If you don't do that it
won't work.
Or at least you're
you
It'll work as randomly as spooling up
some email cadence tool from five or six
years ago.
Yep. I would say yeah, the magic or the
magic unlock of these tools is using it
in a way different than those older
tools, right? Like different way than
like the outreaches or like the sales
off of the world. Like
those were purely, you know, spool up,
do cold outbound at scale, kind of see
what results you get. And I think
because of that that's why people try
and do the same thing with something
that's an AI SDR agent, but remember
it's an agent. It has a brain. Like it
has context. It's some of them, you
know, like ours can see what's on your
website. They can put that context into
the email. It's Think of it more as like
a living breathing agent versus just an
outbound email sequencing tool, right?
Like that's also the wrong way to go
about it, but I think that's why people
do that. I think cuz they were just so
used to doing that previously.
>> [snorts]
>> Number two, I would say if you're
rolling out your first AI SDR, you know,
a lot of folks I think get caught up to
in deploying their first AI SDR and what
are the use cases we're going to tackle,
right? Like I I think naturally a lot of
folks are like, "Okay, I've got
outbound, maybe it's cold outbound,
maybe it's slightly warmer inbound." Or
for us, you know, we we all have leads
we've never followed up with. And I
think this is where the AI SDR agent can
really shine. It's to have it do the
unglamorous work that
your humans probably don't want to do or
maybe gripe and moan about doing every
week when they have to do it. And so,
the nice thing about the agent is if you
give them the right context,
specifically for these leads, so you
know, you can give it a set of context
or prompting. The one The screenshot I
have here is from Agent Force. That's
reaching out to prospects we Our human
team had never followed up with, right?
Um where speed matters here, and because
they had never done it, now we have an
agent that just does it 24/7. It'll pick
the best time to email this person,
because it was in Salesforce, it can see
their Salesforce context, and then it
can follow up with them.
Now, the open rates have been pretty
good on this, but also like, you know,
the meetings and booking rates have been
a little lower than maybe some of our
other AI SDRs, but that's because these
were old leads. These were leads our
team had never followed up with. So, not
only had it been a few
more than a few days since somebody
followed up with them. In some of these
cases, it was more than a few weeks that
nobody had ever followed up with them.
So, in this case, I give it a pass on
that because of the set of leads that we
gave it.
But just know, it's still a good It's
still a very good exercise to do. Like,
what we've gotten out of it has still
been very useful for like reactivating
folks, getting people like re-engaged
with us, right? Sometimes it may not
turn into a meeting because it is a an
old lead that somebody didn't want to
follow up with, but at least now the
agent followed up with them. Like, we
finally were like, "Okay, this person
has gotten a follow-up." Yes, from our
agent, but they've gotten it in a way
that makes sense
and is a way at scale where we could
follow up with all these leads 24/7 and
try and re- re-engage them versus just
leaving them to die completely, right?
Which is often the case before you have
an AI SDR. Sometimes you have a lot of
leads that just end up dying, or they
they time out, right? Cuz just speed to
deal is obviously so important right now
in the age of AI that if you leave them
to time out, then obviously that can
affect the entirety of the deal cycle
and the customer cycle. So, I think
this is a great place where the AI SDRs
can shine, whether it's inbound,
outbound, or even just having an AI SDR
that does ongoing customer engagement. I
I still see a lot of folks struggling to
use their AI SDR for that, and we use it
all the time, every day. Like, I have
agents that are just sub-agents going
off
in our tool that are reaching out to
current
customers of ours, current sponsors of
ours to make sure they have everything
they need. And it's such a great way to
do it, because again, the agent is 24/7,
it does it automated, it's not going to
forget folks. Like, a really great use
case we have right now, for example, is
I showed a couple weeks ago I vibe-coded
our entire sponsors portal. And what the
portal and will do now is I helped build
a little like custom micro-agent for it,
where it will run every couple days, it
will see who hasn't logged in
to their Clerk login when we've invited
them to our sponsor portal. And then
it'll just send them an email like,
"Hey, you haven't logged in yet.
Do you need help getting your login?
Should I resend it?" Things like that.
Things that we would normally have to do
ourselves. And so, again, that's a
really unglamorous workflow, but
something that is so perfect for agents
to just do on its own. And also
low-risk, right? Like, it's just looking
to see, have they logged in? Have they
used the product? Have they used the
tool? And then sending them an automated
workflow on that. Again, fairly
unglamorous,
but something that a we pre- We
literally had to do this last year.
Like, I was telling Jason last week,
like, I was looking at
the amount of hours our actual our um
events production agency had done for
January and February for this year for
SaaStr Annual that's coming up in May
versus the amount that our agency had
done last year in January and February
for the same SaaStr Annual that was last
May. And it's crazy cuz it was less than
a tenth of the hours.
Again, not that I don't still need
people, and I still need them to do some
things that the agents can't do. Like,
sometimes the agents just aren't good
at, you know, calling the food truck
people. Like, I just I need a human to
still do that today. Um but it's crazy
to see that like how much of that
unglamorous kind of
monotonous style of work or customer
check-ins like that that an AI agent can
just do really well. Like, not only has
it saved us in raw spend with some of
our, you know, contractors and agencies,
this I would say the sponsors are a lot
happier that they have more regular
check-ins. They get a response faster.
They're getting, you know, more
proactive messaging from us
to do things like login, submit their
booth graphics, things like that.
Whereas back in the day, we'd have to be
more reactive of, "Okay, who's late?
Who's missing?" Right? Cuz we were just
trying to keep up with everything.
Yeah. In terms of
the the use cases Amelia's talking about
here are small accounts, churn customer
follow-ups, inbound leads, re-engagement
campaigns. For the most part, we are
using the current four third-party
agents that we use, right? We are using
Agent Force from Salesforce, Qualified,
which Salesforce is buying.
We're using Artisan, which we use all
the time as a core outbound agent. And
recently, we've used Monica, which is a
new hot one, to do raw outbound. They've
done most of this This stuff is talking
about that is niche but important to us.
A sponsor portal, reaching out to those
customers, reaching out to those
partners proactively. That doesn't exist
off the shelf the way we needed it, so
we had to build it ourselves. We vibe
vibe this ourselves.
The our our automated VP of marketing
and our sponsor portal, it just wasn't
the the the off-the-shelf tools are so
dated, we couldn't do it. But we did it
They're cool, but we did them
reluctantly. And if we could have bought
it, we would have. Like, you don't want
to build this stuff over many long
weekends, and you don't want to maintain
it.
But uh just to highlight what we built
and what we what we use. But we'd much
rather buy.
Yeah. We much rather buy. We did a
session
I think 2 weeks ago that we went over
the 90/10 rule of how we determine how
we build versus buy. Um if you want to
hear a deep dive on that. And then to
that point, too, on our AI VP of
marketing, one of the sessions we're
going to do at SaaStr Annual during the
deploy summit on Tuesday, so everyone's
just going to show how to build their
agents. I'm actually going to rebuild
that agent live. So, if you want to come
to that, we're also going to live-stream
it. But if you want to come to that, I'm
just going to rebuild what I did
with our AI VP of marketing completely
live. So, fingers crossed that nothing
goes wrong, but I'm going to do that
there to show folks how to do it. So,
that'll be fun. Okay.
Tip number three, if you're rolling out
your first AI SDR,
is to segment ruthlessly. And I do mean
that word ruthlessly. Like, we do it to
the point where again,
the tool doesn't even matter at that
point. They all sort of function in the
back in the same way. Having used, you
know, we use four tools in our daily
rotation, but I've tried maybe over a
dozen AI SDR tools. They all have some
version of this functionality, where you
can tell it who you want it to reach out
to.
And then you can give it specific
context for that segment versus giving
it an all-in-one brain. It's actually
something where like our inbound
qualified agent, which is, you know,
becoming a Salesforce agent,
didn't had kind of like a big brain,
which I'll show you in this deck later.
And then I actually started segmenting
more with that one, too. I was like,
"Okay, well, in our inbound, we actually
have so many buckets." First, I was
like, "Okay, well, there's, you know,
they're inbound to the website, so I'll
just
consider that the inbound bucket." And I
was like, "No, actually that's wrong.
Like, we have folks that are inbound and
they're brand new to SaaStr. We have
folks that are inbound that came there
cuz they saw an ad on one of our social
media platforms. We have folks that are
inbound to the website cuz they were a
prior sponsor or they're a current
customer." I was like, "Actually,
there's a lot of buckets within
inbound." So, we've actually now even
segmented our inbound agent, whereas I
previously was only segmenting our
outbound agent. But either way, you
should segment ruthlessly so that the
context you give the agent is tighter.
It's exactly what you want to say to
that person. Whereas if Jason comes to
the website and he just has one big
brain, then, you know, your agent's
going to act off, "Okay, he's coming to
the website, what is he maybe looking
at? Is he looking at, you know, your
pricing page? Is he looking at a
features page?" Whereas if you segment
that, it's, "Okay, Jason is on the
website. He's actually a former lapsed
customer, and he's looking at the
pricing page. Now, let me give him
context to say what's new with the
product, right? Maybe he's churned in
2022, and you can you have that in
Salesforce, and you can pull up that
context to your inbound agent. Like,
"Hey, a lot has changed, you know, with
your products since then." You can
highlight those new features to that
person with something like an inbound
agent. And so, that's where the
segmentation helps add a lot of context
and just have a lot better of a
conversation between the agent and the
human being that's interacting with this
agent. Same thing goes for inbound.
We segment ruthlessly to the point of
I am updating these segments literally
every day.
I literally will go through like our our
website visitors. I'll re-segment folks
that are
opening emails. I'll segment folks
Again, I'll do folks that are have that
are already customers of ours, but maybe
they haven't logged in when they need
to. So, I ruthlessly segment, and then I
make sure that the context I give each
agent is hyper-tailored to that person,
to that audience, to make it have a
better response rate versus just having
it be one big brain of an AI agent.
And hey, Amelia, just one question on
this point. None of the AI tools we use
today, which are all great, but none of
them can really use AI to auto-segment
in a way that can deliver these results.
Is that accurate?
By any of the we use or any of the tools
we've tried,
you just you this screenshot is nine
segments, right? But if we're doing what
1,000 contacts, we probably have
effectively 100 segments, right? Um
maybe not. Can it But AI should be able
to build these on its own, right? In
theory. But today, I'm just asking today
and the all these products are getting
so much better. But as we as we do this,
no one can create these types of
segments autonomously that you you have
to sign up to do this yourself like a
marketing manager would, right? Yeah,
you do. Yeah. Like a Yeah, exactly. Like
an ops person or like a marketing
manager. You kind of you have to have
the wherewithal to know to segment
versus a lot of them by default to that
point.
Jason will do it just as one big brain.
Like it'll say, "Okay, just run one
campaign and keep adding leads to it,
right?"
That's the wrong way to go about it.
Again, not that it won't work to some
some effective degree, but we have seen
now cuz we've run these for 10 months
now. It just works a heck of a lot
better to have it segmented and have the
context that you're giving the agent
hyper specific to that segment.
Okay, number four. Can And this is this
is what we have found to be true kind of
early on, but it's still true today,
which is consistency beats brilliance.
And what we mean by that is it does not
need to be the best email on planet
Earth. And you should not expect the
best email or the best message if it's a
messaging agent or the best
text message or the best phone call. It
does not need to be the best. I will
tell you we've sent um
This is just Artisan, but it's sent
40,000 messages, okay? I think our
Qualified is later on the sec. That's
sent like 100,000 messages cuz that's an
inbound.
Um
So and then with Salesforce, we're
probably close to like 200,000 messages
sent now.
Will I raise my hand and say these are
the greatest email since sliced bread?
No, of course they're not. They're at
scale. Like a
AI does a pretty good job and a solid
output of what the emails are.
And you'll see you'll see here like
there's abs and flows in that chart and
that's cuz I'm reloading the agent,
right? You'll see it's it spikes every
it spikes up every couple days when I
reload it cuz we hyper segment and then
it spikes down when that sequence starts
to finish itself. And so again, just
consistency here.
And again, using using all the points
one through three, right? Of like the
very best messaging you already know
will work. The very best subject lines,
getting hyper segmented with it. And
then it when you layer in consistency,
that will
give you so many great results versus a
human that is inconsistent that maybe
doesn't or ignores the training and
context, right? Cuz when you're giving
your AI SDR the training and context, it
will remember it every time. Sometimes
it will try and iterate it on its own,
so that's something you need to be
mindful of
to make sure it's not goal seeking too
much and you know, it's it's still
speaking to folks in the way you want it
to. But this is something just to know
here of the consistency that you're
going to get with an AI SDR is got it's
going to be worth the trade-off of maybe
the email not being the most perfect
email on planet Earth, but sometimes,
you know, perfect is always the enemy of
good or even the enemy of just getting
it done. Like I see so many folks that
just have like AI SDR paralysis cuz
they're like, "Well, you know, I started
using one of the tools you guys use and
my output wasn't that great.
It was okay." And I'm like, "Well, one,
you can always make it better, right?
Getting hyper segmented and then getting
hyper specific with content.
Use content that works and then see what
you get. Like you'll probably get it to
pretty good and pretty good I would say
is the bar. It does not need to be
brilliant. It does not need to be the
best email on planet Earth or or even an
email that you might write yourself. It
just needs to be pretty good
to get this person down the path you
want them to go.
Okay, number five is
for us at least with the amount of
agents we have, you need at least one,
but ideally two essential humans to run
all this and to deploy your AI SDR.
Um
you can't have zero people and
certainly it's become harder for us even
right now with like a lot of my time
being split between at like Sales for
annual production versus like that was
time I I typically had spent before
March managing agents. Even that has
gotten like a little bit harder for us
here at Sales Hacker. And so having 0.5
of my workload is actually not ideal
either, but you know, the annual is a
time sensitive matter.
So just something to keep in mind here
is ideally you need two folks internally
to run this even if you can just find
one, but then you will need to find a
backup, right? Like
So not that your agents are going to
leave, but what if that human leaves? So
you do need to have like a backup system
and a plan
to keep all your agents running. And so
it's essential to have at least two
folks working on this, monitoring the
agents cuz if not, you'll see like I
just showed in that, you know, Artisan
chart, your agents can sit idle. Like
unless it's an inbound agent where you
have like ours is on full automatic,
that one doesn't idle as much.
But our inbound agents and many of your
inbound agents, because of how we do
this tooling, which I do think is the
best way to do it,
um your agents will sit idle if you
don't give them new segments, new
contacts, new people to go out to. It
will finish its sequence in a couple
days and then it will sit there until
you give it the next one. Um and so I
think that's why it's essential to have
two folks to backfill each other to make
sure your agents are always optimized.
That is otherwise, you know, you're
you're wasting a lot of time and money
if they're just idling all the time.
I will say too, the reason I showed a
screenshot on this one of Monica is like
Monica's a very interesting like
interesting distinct use case. We're
actually not their perfect ICP.
Their use case is more for folks that
are starting up and maybe don't have
maybe you've got some messaging figured
out and you have, let's say, 20 or 50
customers, but you want to get the next,
you know, 100 customers. Theirs is great
cuz theirs will actually fill your
pipeline a lot more automatically based
on look-alikes.
So that's what I really like about it is
I haven't had to that one hasn't sat
idle
for us cuz it's just re-filling the
pipeline. It finishes the sequence,
it'll grab another look-alike
company close to our audience. It'll
see, you know, "Okay,
did did Snowflake reply to you? They
did. Okay, great. I'm going to go some
go, you know, outbound to other
companies like Snowflake. Okay, did
OpenAI respond to you? They did. Okay,
great. Now I'm going to go out to other
companies that are like an OpenAI, which
there aren't many of, but
um it'll do things like that to keep the
pipeline full, which I think is pretty
cool versus some of the other agents
we've tried. So they don't all do that.
Um it's just something to be aware of
again,
uh agnostic of the tools. Something to
maybe ask your tool provider, too, um if
you're worried about your agents
maybe sitting idle too much or if
there's anything else you can do
to make sure data is always flowing into
your agents. Like right now, I don't I
don't know if I'll be able to finish
this pre-annual. Right now, I'm trying
to see how I can actually get some of
our our agents all hooked up together
to talk to each other more regularly to
solve this problem.
But again, it's it's kind of a later
down the road problem once you have your
agent fully deployed and and it's
starting to work for you.
Okay, number six and this is hyper
important.
Read everything. I would say in the
first 30 days and then read almost
everything
every day after that. So if you're
rolling out your first AI SDR agent, you
are going to want to read everything.
And maybe you're going to want to read
everything before you hit publish or
send or whatever the equivalent is in
your tool before it goes out to somebody
in your, you know, outbound or inbound
list or whatever it might be.
You're going to want to read everything
during that initial deployment to catch
things like, you know, some sometimes I
think our agents would spell Sales
Hacker incorrectly. Not that it was
wrong, but there's two capital S's.
Um and sometimes it would lowercase it.
And so I would make a rule in the agent
to say, you know, always capitalize
Sales Hacker as, you know, the S's are
capital.
And then I would write in rules like
always use Sales Hacker in the subject
line cuz we have a bit of a brand. And
so typically it works better if Sales
Hacker's in the subject line versus it
looking more generic.
There were other things that we would
catch in the first, you know,
messages at scale of
sometimes it would, you know, because
again, our events are timed and we use a
lot of these for our events, sometimes
it would use the old dates cuz it would
just scrape the internet and then it
would find like the old dates. And so it
was super important just to read
everything. I also think it's it's the
only really way to learn it is to see
what does your agent actually output.
Like if you're only putting if you're
only care about the inputs and you're
not caring about the outputs, you're
only seeing half the picture. Like you
do want to see what your agents are
saying, what they're doing. And like I
just took the screenshot from Tuesday.
And this is an important nuance here
that I'll just explain this workflow
through. This is from our Qualified
inbound agent. Somebody was asking about
adding
an additional ticket to Sales Hacker
annual later this year. And this is this
is again, not a hard conversation for a
Mella AI or inbound agent to answer, but
just a nuanced one, right? Because it
requires knowing
okay, who is this person?
How many tickets have they already
bought? What price did they buy it at?
Cuz then they need a retroactive
discount. So basically what it did is
it the agent asked them
those questions. It looked it up, you
know, to see if it was in Salesforce. Um
asked them a few clarifying questions
of, "Okay, like is this is this third
person from your same company?" And then
great, like what's your email address
cuz then we can send you the code for
it. And so, again, fairly hyper nuanced,
but something that
we read through and we go through just
to see where our agent needs help even
still today. Like even 10 months later,
I am still reading things that our agent
is doing to make sure it's accurate, to
make sure it's what we want it to say to
folks, um and to make sure we're
represented in the right way with our
agents. Also, because so many people see
them, that it's also just good to make
sure
it's saying things that are accurate and
not going off the rails, right? Again,
our Rarely have our agents gone off the
rails or hallucinate stuff, but they
have. It happens every every now and
then. And so, for me, it's something
where every day I'm just you know, even
if I only have 10 minutes, I'm just
doing like a speed run to be like, okay,
what is our inbound? I'll just go
through like a couple inbound
conversations, see if I spot-check
anything. Same thing, I'll go through
our outbound agents. I'll see if I if I
see anything in their messages that's
maybe off or maybe needs a tweak. And
then if there is, then I'll just add
that to the ice cap. contact so that
it's continually improving with you,
right? So, that's something you're
you're going to have to do ongoing, um
no matter what. I would say a heck of a
lot more in the early days, but you're
still going to have to do it every day
after.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay, number seven. If you are deploying
an AI SDR your first time would be to
budget at least 2 weeks of ramp time.
Some specifically to with an outbound
agent, they can take a little bit
longer, especially if it's warming up
anything like specific I keys or domains
or dedicated email addresses. Sometimes
that process just takes 2 to 3 weeks in
and of itself, um regardless of the tool
you use, regardless of what you're going
to do next with it. Sometimes they just
have that built-in ramp time. And then,
the other factor of the 2-week ramp time
is nothing is set and forget. I know
some of our even some of our vendors
I think sometimes are guilty of saying
things like this.
And if they give you an FDE, sometimes
can you know, it's a heck of a lot
easier, for sure.
But as you've just seen in steps 1
through 6, nothing is ever truly set and
forget. Um you do need to make sure you
are constantly checking in on your
agents, again, a lot in the beginning
and still ongoing every day thereafter.
But, you know, the iteration and like
the context and training you're going to
give your agents just takes a lot of
calibration and testing, and it is real
It is a real time
investment.
It is again something where
typically I have Sometimes I have a
little bit more time in a day than
another,
but it's something where every day I
have to, no matter what, even if I can
if even if I can only sneak in a
15-minute speed run at the end or
beginning of the day to go through
what's going on with our agents, and
that's kind of it. That's still every
day, right? That's still
like having a short one-on-one with like
a human counterpart. And so, you've got
a budget at least 2 weeks in the
beginning of almost nothing else. And I
think that is sometimes surprising to
folks is
you got to almost put everything else
aside to really make this work. Cuz if
you're if you're watching or listening
to this and you're like, okay, I haven't
really thought about 1 through 6, but
I'm already pretty far along with a
vendor that I think I want to use for an
AI SDR,
and then you get that
product, you get into the back end, and
you're like, oh shoot, I do need to do
those steps 1 through 6. Probably steps
1 through 6 will take you about 2 weeks
to do, right? Like figure out what what
seat like what copy works, what subject
lines work, what time of day works,
hyper-segmenting your base, and then
multiplying those steps of like 1
through 4 by each segment. Okay, great.
Now, right? Actually do the deployment
either with an FDE or with their team.
Like that alone with
some other meetings will probably take
you 2 weeks just right there as you put
everything together and then work
through, you know, okay, do I want this
AI SDR to flow information back to
something like a Salesforce? Do I Is it
going to live in a silo? How is it going
to interact with other things?
Okay, once I've added an outbound AI
SDR, um
do I want to add an inbound one? Do I
want to add one for customer success?
There's just all these things that kind
of snowball. And so, it's not even
really the implementation that takes the
longest bit of time. It's a little bit
of a mental overhead um and tax it takes
to set all this up. There's obviously
some real steps here that we've outlined
that you will need to do when you roll
out your first AI SDR, but anything we
have found takes at least 2 weeks. Even
Monica, which is super great
and has, you know, it's really good at
the agent refilling itself and keeping
our pipeline up to date. That part is
really nice. But even the beginning, I
think we got it down to like 1 and 1/2
weeks. It still took us 1 and 1/2 weeks
to get it all set up, right? Like
nothing we have found is instant. So, I
would be wary of anything that you see
as like an instant AI SDR. Oh, roll it
out today. I'd be wary of that for a lot
of reasons.
And two, I would say a lot of this is
the prep that only you can do, right?
Like
most of these vendors, regardless of the
tool, will help you out. Some of them
will give you an FDE.
Most of them More of them should. I um
but regardless of that, I would say
budgeting at least 2 weeks of ramp time
is fairly standard now with all the prep
that you'll just need to do, too, to
make sure it's successful.
Okay, number eight. We get asked this
quite a bit, I think, cuz we're one of
the few folks that have a voice agent
along with our chat and email agents.
I will say we don't use like a text
messaging agent at this point.
I know a few of our vendors are actually
playing around with that, so we'll see
how that goes.
And so, we have a we have a voice agent,
too, who's multimodal. So, she has video
as well.
But what we found, cuz she's been she
Amelia I Amelia AI are like chat and
video agent has been live since about
November. Jason's AI, if you talk to his
Delphi,
you can do it in also in um
chat or voice. You can That's been
rolled out for almost a year now. And
what we found for the last year is that
most people still prefer to to chat with
an AI SDR
over chat
or over email versus either phone,
voice, or video.
I think it's
Some of it's just a comfortability
thing, right? Like like literally I was
on the phone with somebody yesterday. Um
I was doing a speaker's call for their
speakers at Saster Annual. And she went
to Saster Annual to look at stuff, and
she goes, "What is this?" She's like,
"This AI
um agent just popped up, and it looks
like you." I was like, "Yeah, it is me."
That's Amelia AI. I literally went to
the Qualified Studios to record that and
do motion capture of her so that I would
have a full multimodal agent,
um
which was a fun thing to do. Um I was
like, "But still, most people want to
talk to her in a chat format." I was
like, "Some do like the video, cuz then,
you know, you don't have to type." And
some folks really like that that they
can they feel like they're actually
talking to someone.
A few of the folks who talked to Amelia
AI before our London event came up to me
at our London event um last December,
and they were like, "Oh, hey, I talked
to Amelia AI. I had a conversation with
her." And I'm like, "That's fantastic.
That is exactly what it's there for."
She's there 24/7 to answer questions, to
route people, to just be helpful in a
way that no human can be, cuz she's on
24/7.
And so, it's nice to have an extra layer
where if people want to interact with
her
video, they can. And I think the
important learning here is
let people pick.
Like you I I don't think you need to
strictly be chat only or text or email
only and or that you need to be only
video. Like we let people choose. If you
want to chat with one of like Amelia AI
or Jason AI, you can chat with them. If
you want to use the video, you can have
a video call with them. If you want to
just do a text-based conversation with
them, you can just do a text-based
conversation with them. And so, think
it's just
important to let people pick their
preferred format and whatever they're
comfortable with, and let them interact
with your agent from there versus trying
to maybe force them down one road or
another.
Yeah, this is and and this this
particular these cases us using
Qualified, which has I don't even know
what they use. They don't use Synthesia.
Someone asked. They use
I think a more cost-effective vendor.
Right under line. I mean,
>> It's called Tavis, yeah. Tavis, the
Yeah, that's what they use.
The 85% of the 15% that want to speak
with the digital you,
do they Do we have a sense Do they go as
far? Do they deep? Or do they revert to
chat? Do you happen to know?
They stay in video mode. I think because
>> to the video version of you.
>> want to talk to the video, yeah.
It's like because she default Her
default is chat, right? So, like her
default is like you can
I'll show you. You can just go to Saster
Annual. No, yeah, yeah, I know it. But
that would be Yeah, okay. Um yeah, you
can just go to Anyone on this call that
can just go to Saster Annual.com, you'll
see her. This is her.
This is her.
>> Go on. So, so people do do it. Yeah. I I
do think there
you know, in this 85/15 was pretty Our
first AI agent was this general agent
called Delphi that that does you know,
still used hundreds of thousands of
times where people can chat with the
digital version of me. These were the
rough I think these were the rough 85/15
ratios, too, for voice versus chat. They
actually deprecated video.
Unfortunately, they didn't think it
worked well. But uh I do think there's a
I do think there's a benefit that it
looks trustworthy and modern and
connects with you. So, I do think
there's a benefit. But I maybe our
learning for B2B use cases, it may be
more indirect than direct, right?
Yeah.
>> Yeah. I think it's If you're not ready
to start off with voice, don't kill
yourself. Like just get the basic chat
going, and then down the road it once
it's dialed in and it's working, if you
want to have some fun and add it did
like it it's cool, but it doesn't need
to be a a day-one uh implementation, the
video voice, right?
Right. And we are our Qualified had
already been on for
maybe at least a quarter by the time we
added um
the voice and video component to it. So,
it was already up for a bit when we
started the process of, you know, going
to their studios, recording Amelia AI,
deciding what we wanted her
how we want her like voice and video
interactions to be versus
chat. Maybe this is
obvious everyone, but I'll just say it
for context is you have to have a lot
more guardrails though and a voice
video agent than you do a
text-based agent. Maybe for obvious
reasons.
But, because it's a live avatar,
sometimes like the wild card of this, we
were like, well, we
we think we know what people will ask
her, which is, you know, we have at
least a quarter of data of what people
have been chatting with her about and so
that's how we trained the voice and
video agent. And then we're like, but
then people started asking her more
personal questions about me and so that
was a learning. They were like, oh,
well,
can I talk to real Amelia, too? Or
they'd be like, oh, what's Amelia's
address? Which she does give people in
certain contexts, not just if you
blatantly ask her, but
or they'd ask other questions like, oh,
where's Well, I think people are like,
where's she from? Or like, what's her
LinkedIn? And And so, they just started
asking more personal questions cuz
again, I I think people thought it was
actually me like chatting back to them
in the voice component,
which is okay. But, yeah, I was like,
no, that that's still a
it's a slightly different brain than our
our our chat interface of Qualified.
Cuz obviously, again, we were like,
we're just going to have to put in more
guardrails cuz what we want her to do is
still steer the conversation towards the
same goals.
And sometimes when you're talking in
person, you can get off track or you can
get distracted or you start asking
Amelia AI about real Amelia. And so, we
had to put in just more training and
context and guardrails for Amelia AI to
be like, okay, it's fine if they start
asking those and you can answer it like
this way. We literally told her what to
say.
But then also, try and get them back to
whatever they were doing on the website.
Like, if they were trying to buy a
ticket, try and steer them back to buy a
ticket. If they were trying to book a
meeting, show my meetings booker to just
book a meeting with them.
And so, we have to put again just like
additional things you don't necessarily
need to do in chat
in the video format, but I think people
have fun with it to be honest.
Again, for folks that prefer this
format, but yeah, it was not something
we rolled out day one. It's We already
knew what was kind of working
in our inbound agent had already been up
for more than a quarter and then we
started to tackle
the video and voice component.
But, it's fun and I'm actually figuring
out a way for Amelia AI to be live at
SaaStr Annual. So, you guys if you guys
have not talked to her on the website,
you will have another version of her
that will be at SaaStr that you can talk
to.
>> [laughter]
>> Um
Okay, on that though, actually, what's
what's interesting about Amelia AI is
you could probably guess by now, it is a
very person-dependent deployment, which
actually we would recommend avoiding for
other folks.
Um for many reasons and I think, you
know, if you look at things like Amelia
AI or the Jason AI that's live on the
site, those are so tied to us. Like,
those are not only our entities, like
the Jason AI talks like Jason, like it's
kind of crazy, like it has her
personality. A bit of Amelia AI kind of
talks like Amelia. It has obviously
video that I captured that was me.
And so, I think having these
implementations that we have, I'm not
sure actually that you you should do
that unless unless asterisk like us,
you're right you're on the exact team,
right? Like you're one of the founders,
you're invested in business, you're on
the exact team.
And there's there's less of a risk to do
it that way, but I would say, you know,
I always I famously roast Qualified for
doing this all the time. Like, their
Piper agent is based on one of
one of their original AEs who's still
there. Now, she's like been promoted.
I'm like, but what if real Piper ever
leaves? Like, I actually don't even know
how that works of like, do they have her
likeness? Do cuz it's also on
billboards, like it's on their website.
Like, these are just things you may not
have thought about yet in a in a very
person-based deployment where if that if
there's any chance that person might
leave, obviously, there's some inherent
risk in that. Now,
you can do things to obviously safeguard
yourself in that if there's somebody you
really want to base your AI agent on to
make sure you have, you know, maybe the
rights to the agents if they ever leave
the company, etc.
That gets tricky. Obviously, there
hasn't been like
rulings on that kind of stuff yet. That
hasn't happened yet in real life. Um so,
we'll see whatever happens with that
down the road. But, just know it's it's
kind of tricky when you build these
agents so closely um
deployed on persons and personalities,
right? Like, our personas are tied to
these two agents that we have live on
the website.
And so, I would say that's something
that's a risk there, but also it's a
risk that like
a lot of what is running Amelia AI
like, I don't think I think David has
David from our sales team has logged
into Qualified once to set up the
meetings booker in his calendar and the
other day we logged in for maybe the
second time in 10 months so that he
could adjust his calendar settings cuz
he had it cutting off too early in the
day.
But other than that, I'm like, he he
doesn't have like that tribal knowledge
that I have of I know who our FDE is at
Qualified. I know who it is at Agent
Force.
I know where to tweak the context. Like,
again, having person-dependent
Maybe it's obvious, but um you can
quickly fall into a trap here
if it's too dependent on one employee's
maybe voice or knowledge of the context
that's being fed to the agents, etc.
And then I just put some screenshots
here of like, this is also becomes
obviously more of a risk the longer you
have an agent. So, now that our
this these screenshots are from
Qualified, but you can see like even on
March 10th, I didn't scroll down all the
way. Just between, you know, 9:00 a.m.
to 10:00 p.m., those are Amelia video
chats. That's just video. There's more
than a whole page. That is maybe that
screenshot's maybe 20 deep and then
there's the rest of the page before 9:00
a.m. Like, so my AI was shown to
maybe 30 people in that day, right? That
becomes risky if you're like, okay, what
if that person ever leaves? But now 30
people have already talked to her AI
agent
the whole day. Plus in the entirety of
time, if you actually look at our whole
funnel,
we've had more than 1.5 million sessions
just overall just in Qualified, not
counting our other agents with, you
know, text-based communication or video
communication. And so, it just becomes a
real risk if you don't have some sort of
like backups or documentation for these
agents going forward cuz the more you
use them, you'll see like we've had
Qualified up, you know,
uh we rolled it out last August or so,
so
maybe six-ish months now, but six months
at 1.5 million sessions, that's a lot of
sessions.
That's a lot of exposure to an an not
only an AI agent is it a lot of exposure
to, but it's a lot of exposure to an
agent that's dependent on
not only Amelia AI being Amelia, but
Amelia real Amelia giving her context
and making sure she has all the right
data
to push back to folks. So, it's it's a
lot. So, it can scale pretty fast and
so, I think the speed is sometimes
something
folks don't account for when they roll
out their first agent cuz you you don't
realize how fast it is, right? Like,
once you get past your two-week maybe
implementation period, once you deploy
your agent and your agent is fully
deployed, that thing will just go,
right? Like, it's just going to go every
day constantly. This is 1.5 million
sessions. That's on one website, by the
way. That was not counting That was just
like SaaStr Annual. That wasn't plus
SaaStr plus SaaStr London. Like, it just
can scale so quickly
that is something you want to be mindful
of, too, cuz I feel like folks don't
maybe fully understand that they can
quickly spin themselves up
and have like a again, an almost
infinite conversations at scale with
people.
Hey Amelia, I know know it's not the
point you raised one that comes up a
lot.
If you had to spitball,
um
how much data how much You said 1.5
million sessions went into Qualified
since we've started, right?
>> Yeah.
How much how many sessions, how much
data do you need for most of these
products to work versus do you need to
get bigger and and be a bigger startup
until you there's enough data generated
for them to be effective?
Yeah, I put it on the next slide here.
Cuz it is our last point of
your data  your fundamentals have
to work before you have an AI agent.
Qualified
in particular just on this agent had you
can see it scrapes our website every
couple days. So, every couple days it
any you could force it. Like, you could
do it every day, but I have it scraping
SaaStr.com every couple days.
SaaStr Annual, I think once a week.
SaaStr London, I think I turned off for
now cuz we're not promoting that event
at the moment.
And then I you'll see I also have like
custom snippets I have uploaded, custom
PDFs, custom
Q&A that I've loaded into it. So, it now
has
all together, it has almost 6,000 pieces
of context that it's working off of. So,
that's a lot. Most people don't have
6,000 pieces of content or context to
feed the agent.
I would say a a bare minimum if that's
the question.
Um
again, I would focus on what works, but
you're going to quickly find with any
agent you roll out,
whether it's sales or an AI SDR or not,
you need more data than you think you
have. Even for me, I've needed more data
than I thought we had, and we had a lot
of data.
Case in point, like these agents have to
answer questions, and if you want them
to answer questions autonomously, guess
what? You have to do a brain dump and
say, "Okay, let me answer all the
questions I think a customer would ask
if I haven't documented that yet." Which
thing most people haven't, to be honest.
Um so, maybe some of you have, but it
just becomes this snowball of
almost every day you're going to find a
scenario like that where you're like,
"Oh,
folks are starting to ask my agent about
XYZ thing, so now I have to train it on
that. Oh, now they're asking about, you
know, maybe this particular product
feature, and I don't have documentation
about that. Now I have to make it, then
give it to the agent, then let it
deploy."
You definitely need the documentation.
If you had to spitball, how much traffic
to my website
for something that relies on inbound and
data capture, how much traffic do I need
for my website? And for an outbound
agent, how many at least slightly
qualified leads, folks that took an act
that you've collected how big a list do
you have to have, right? To have created
to feed it for both of those inbound and
outbound actions to be effective?
>> Yeah, I would say for the inbound piece,
for like website traffic, cuz a lot of
this is obviously based on our website
traffic,
I if you have less than,
let's say 10 to 20,000 visitors a month,
it's probably not worth it. But that's a
lot for a startup. It's a lot, I know.
Yeah, 10 to 20 people everyone kind of
exaggerates, you know, secretly. But not
a lot of folks have 10 folks might not
to your marketing site, right? Um you
might not have 10,000 visitors for your
first 18 months as a startup, right?
It's entirely possible. So, you would
pass, or you would just pass for in You
wouldn't pass for outbound necessarily,
but you would pass for something that is
inbound like a qualified
the way we use it, you would pass until
your baby is born, right?
>> have less than And I know 10 to 25k
seems like a lot, but honestly we have
more than that, and if you look at
specifically at our, you know, web
Obviously, we have 1.5 million sessions
just on one website in 6 months, so we
have a lot more than that, but if you
look at how that funneled down, right?
Of what it does with people of, "Okay,
how many completed conversations does it
have in? Now, how many
a million AI conversations is it having?
Then how many, you know, this and that,
and how many meetings were booked?" Like
that all obviously didn't dwindle down
the funnel, and so I think if you don't
have that volume at the very top, you're
not going to get the results you want at
the very bottom.
Okay, just to challenge you then and
then summarize what you've learned on
outbound. So, that makes sense, but
let's imagine we I have no humans
responding to my website, to any leads
or outbound. Do I really need 10,000
visitors a month?
Do I I mean
maybe we do for some of the tools we
use, but I'm not Intellectually, it it
makes sense there's a different level
where going to some of your leads is If
it's just not getting done, I want an
agent that is available 24/7 to answer
prospects and customer questions, right?
Even if I don't have the volume.
But maybe that's a different question.
No, it's okay. I think it's a good
nuance. I would say that's maybe the
ideal volume, but if you don't have
that, and you do want something where
again, getting it done is better than
not having it at all, then just do it,
right? Like if you if you have any
inbound volume at all, but you don't
have the traffic, just do it. But if
you're like, "I'm in a boat where I
don't have the volume, and I
I don't have the volume of traffic, and
I don't get a lot of inbound anyway,
then I think that's the that then that's
maybe a slippery slope to thinking, 'Oh,
maybe an AI SDR will fix it like
magically for an inbound agent.' Like it
won't if there's
if there's truly if you have like a
double handicap there, if if there's if
there's not enough something going on
there, then maybe focus somewhere else.
Yeah, maybe focus on outbound first, or
maybe focus on current customers first
before you tackle inbound. Got it.
Outbound is interesting. I would say um
you know, I I like to keep ours
hyper-segmented, but if you think about
just the pure math, right? Like let's
just I keep ours to about a thousand or
so per campaign.
And then let's just say a campaign takes
about a week and a half to run, right?
Cuz it's going to do a first email, then
it's going to wait a couple days, send a
second one, then it's going to wait a
couple days, and then send a third one.
That is like our cadence that we do
with most of our outbound agents. So, if
if, you know, a thousand people take a
week and a half, then you could do it in
a month with like 4,000 people, right?
Cuz if you're doing just at the bare
minimum, let's say one sequence, and
you're loading it up once a week, you
let it run for a week and a half, then
yeah, I would say you could probably do
it with like
less than 5,000 contacts.
I think the issue people run into is
after the first month, they're like,
"What do I do now?"
They're like, "I ran through
a lot
a lot I had this list of million of like
5,000 or maybe 10,000 people I want to
go out to, and then after a quarter, I
exhausted all those leads."
So, I think the true magic actual on
outbound is not figuring out It's just
continually figuring out who you want to
reach out to.
Whereas like I have almost endless
folks I always want to reach out to.
But I think for startups who are maybe
starting out, you may not have that,
right? And so, it's just something to
think about with an AI SDR is like, are
you going to be able to continually feed
it? Just like you would a sales team,
right? Like you used to have to feed
humans leads all the time. The AI SDR is
no different. You got to keep feeding it
leads in this not only the same way, but
more, because actually humans are way
slower at outbound than
Okay, let's picture this though. Let's
imagine you're a startup, but you're not
It's not day zero, but you're only at a
couple million revenue.
Um you have a small list you've built
from inbound, right? From your website,
and then you're using Clay or other
tools, and you're kind of hand-building
a target list, right?
Is that going to work
um for a sort of a pre-brand startup? If
I build up a list of a couple thousand
folks from an enrichment tool, do some
of these tools do it themselves? Like
will they automatically build a list for
you?
Um
how does that work if you don't have a
massive list already?
Yeah, some of the some of them are
really good at lookalikes, right? Like
Artisan has a lookalike feature, Clay
has a lookalike feature. Like if you
have, let's say, a list of just a
thousand people, then build lookalikes
all day long. Like I'm not at that point
where I want to like you can You saw it.
Monica was doing it for like new target
accounts.
But for the other stuff, I'm doing
more manually. I But if you're not in
that boat,
then use lookalikes all day. Like
they're pretty good at it, right? Like
the Monica one's pretty good at it. I've
tried I've tested it more recently in
Clay. It's pretty good at it. Like I
gave it I think I was telling you like I
gave it a list of folks who came to our
CMO Summit last year, which is like an
invite-only thing we do with
PartnerStack. I said, "For this purpose,
actually, give me a lookalike of CMOs,
cuz I only had like a list of, okay, the
top thousand CMOs that I had narrowed it
down to from like past CMO Summits, CMOs
in our database. You know, you have to
be over like 40 million, so it was a
smaller pool than just our whole
database of CMOs.
And then you'd have to then you also had
to be a you know, a somewhat agentic
company. And so, for that purpose, I was
like, "Give me a lookalike, cuz my list
is less than a thousand people, and I
want people who look exactly like this
ICP already." And then I sent it out
actually last week. I happened to use
Clay. You can use whatever vendor you
want to do your lookalike. I happened to
use Clay, and we had actually doubled
the amount of CMO Summit attendees in a
week just by using a lookalike. So, I do
think the lookalike audiences for
outbound can work pretty well if you
only have, like I said, a thousand
people. Just make sure you give it a
thousand really good people. Like don't
give it like, "Oh, this Joe Schmo
company churned, or they're
or I only have like
customers that I maybe don't want the
same DNA of." Like give it your best
customers, and then make a lookalike,
but I do think for outbound you can get
away with having a smaller list, and
maybe that's a better place to start
with
before you scale out the inbound is to
use a lot of those lookalike lists
to start building out outbound. And then
you can do other things like layering
ads, whatever.
But that that for us, like even that
just use case and scenario right there,
worked really well, cuz I had a I had a
much smaller list than I normally have
to work with, and it still worked.
So, if you if you do it yourself with a
human, you prove
the copy and context that works, that
gets meetings, right? Um if your list is
then too small, build you can get to
initial scale for it to work with a
thoughtful copycat list, right? I mean
classic crappy copycat lists uh are a
low-effort thing like buying a purchase
list. But if you do it if you spend the
time to do it right, you really target
the ICP that works, and then customize
the copy, that's a hack to getting scale
if you don't have it yet in the early
days, right? Is do it do the copycat
really well.
>> But I to your point, like I think when I
had Clay copycat it,
it gave me like 2,500 more CMOs, and I
was like, "That's probably too many."
Like
So, I went through I went through it one
by one. It took me a couple hours. I
think it was Saturday. I went through it
one by one while I was watching
something on TV, and I deleted all the
people I didn't want, cuz I was like,
"You know what? The list is pretty good,
but there's like 2,000 people here I
probably don't want." It's like So, I
deleted a bunch. I like hyper-pruned it
to get it to the best quality, but then,
you know, that's how I
doubled our attendees for that
particular thing in a week. So, it can
work really well, but yeah, it does take
some time to go through it. And like I
literally like there were companies I
hadn't heard of. I was like, I'm going
to click them. Make sure they're in AI.
They're Make sure their revenue is
right. Like double-check it's the right
person.
Click their LinkedIn and make sure they
actually work there. Like that can take
for a list of 2,000, that can take a
couple hours.
And I did nothing else for those couple
hours. But it did work, right? So I
think if you're willing to put in the
work, that's a good hack.
Okay, do we have I know I know we're
over and people will leave, which is
fine, but do you have 10 more minutes? I
I can ask you some a few There's a few
good questions in the chat. Do you want
me to ask you them?
>> do it.
Yeah, yeah. This one's a good good basic
one. I think this was great as is. How
many people and visit and leave when
they realize they're talking to an AI
agent?
And in prior sessions, we you've
presented some rough data that says we
think people prefer to talk to our agent
in many cases, right? Um Yeah. But what
is How many leave the chat or
interaction or digital Amelia digital
agent when they realize it's an AI?
At least a couple people a day.
Yeah.
And ask to talk to a human. Is it some
big deal?
No, they just asked to
talk to a human.
So I'll go over an inbound case and I'll
go over an outbound case. So in our
inbound, I can it can it tells me
immediately cuz I have a slack set up.
Like it will tell me immediately
unqualified if there's somebody who's
asking to talk to real Amelia.
If I'm in a meeting, I will say give
them my email or whatever and I'll talk
to them later. You can't talk to them
right now. Like Amelia AI could, but I
can't come to the phone right now.
And
And then there's a couple times a day
I'll see at the end of the day like I
have it, you know, flagging of like if
there's a trigger of somebody got
frustrated.
It's funny. Like first I started out
with like, "Oh, I'm going to flag in our
inbound agents when people say something
good." Now I'm like, "No, I actually
just want to flag if they say something
bad cuz then I need to take an action."
If they say something good, great. Like
I don't even care about that anymore. I
actually only care now if they say
something bad or if they need an
escalation and they still need help. So
now I kind of swapped those filters.
Um but it's pretty funny. So at least a
couple times a day I'll get somebody
where
I really had an escalation or they got
frustrated talking to the AI.
And then I think I said this to you a
couple weeks ago. There's also this
weird mix of people who try and trick
our AI now. And I don't know what's up
with that.
>> It'll all all the way to prompt
injection and everything. People tries
to break them, right? Yes. And so that
is a weird phenomenon where I would say
in the last couple weeks that's picked
up more. I see more of that in our
agents across the board.
So I don't know who on social media
started that trend of like, "Hey, if
you're talking to an agent and you can't
get what you want, try and like break
its prompt or break its brain." I'm
like,
one, that's not very nice. Like
I know Amelia AI doesn't have feelings,
but real Amelia reads the Amelia AI
conversations and she has feelings and
that's not very nice when I read those.
So those ones I will delete. Like it'll
send it to me and I'll see somebody
tried to break the prompt and I'm like,
you know,
I'm just going to ignore that person.
I'm sorry, but like I'm not going to
garner a response when you were rude to
my AIs. I'm just not going to respond to
you.
Which is my right as a human.
But yeah, I would say, yeah, I could
probably count on my hand though the
amount of times our inbound agent flags
Amelia that it needs a human or somebody
got frustrated by it. But yeah, I would
say lately
it is this weird trend that people get
frustrated cuz they try and prompt
inject it and then it doesn't work. So
then they get really mad.
But for the most part, 99% of people
are happy to talk to Amelia AI cuz we're
busy. Like I I can't come answer your
questions about tickets or
where the hotel room block is or
when did when does the ticket code
expire or when do prices go up and
what's the next price and where's the
venue cuz I forgot even though we told
you a thousand times. Like most people
are happy to have that answer in real
time or they're happy to also book a
meeting with like me or David in real
time. They don't have to go back and
forth with the schedule or like again,
99% of folks are happy.
Maybe 1%  a handful of folks are
mad on the inbound side. Now on the
outbound side,
I probably have the same degree I can
count on one hand. I will get an angry
email a per day of
of a stop emailing me or or this email
wasn't very good.
But on the flip side, I also get a
handful of emails every day that were
like,
"Dang, this this was such a good email.
What do you use for this?" That so those
really balance out at the end of the day
on the outbound side.
For the most part again, 99% of folks
though, happy to have the information
and the emails all in real time even
with an AI.
Yeah. Yeah, I think we can wrap there. I
think that's a good question. A lot of
folks have fear that people won't talk
to the AI. There is
Maybe
Amelia, I think you hit it, but if you
could add anything else and we could
wrap. There is some sort of line, a
quality line, where an agent adds more
value than a mediocre human. We've
talked about that. It's not the best. It
doesn't add more value than talking
directly to Amelia or me or David.
Um none of our agents actually are that
good today for the most part. They
should be maybe toward the end of the
year, but they're not as good as talking
to three of us. But they are better than
talking to a a decent human or a
mediocre human. They just know more. So
what we found is if And And it's might
be hard to quantify that. Maybe it
isn't, but if you get above a certain
line, if you invest the time to train
your agent, if you read the email
exceptions every day, if you upload all
the documents,
you're going to find this concern that
folks don't want to talk to an AI is
misplaced because the interaction will
be better than a mediocre human.
And just
it's I don't know if it was in this 10
points, but in some ways you're
competing with mediocre humans here on
this whole AI SDR journey. Again, you're
not competing with the best SDR you
could hire in the whole world, but the
best SDR in 6 months wants to be an AE.
The best 6 months and 9 SDR 9 months
might want might leave and go to a
better company. The turnover in SDRs is
the highest at anything in go-to-market.
So there's there's the notional pretend
competition of the best person you ever
worked with and then there's the reality
that if you get above the bar, you're
going to find and you invest the time to
train, you're going to find people who
are happier to talk to that AI than to
most humans.
Yep. It just is. It just is.
So Anyhow, this was great. Thank you,
Amelia, for driving this. Thanks
everyone for joining and uh we'll keep
it going and see everyone at SaaStr AI
Annual in May.
Thanks, everyone.